com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$3
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/DetailAttendanceFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.DetailAttendanceFragment
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/list.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.list
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/DetailmedcheckFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.DetailmedcheckFragment
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/MedcheckActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.MedcheckActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.MedcheckActivity$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.MedcheckActivity$1$1
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ContentNavigationBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ContentNavigationBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/logout/LogoutFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.logout.LogoutFragment
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.logout.LogoutFragment$1
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/Api.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.Api
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/RetrofitClient.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.RetrofitClient
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/LoginActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.LoginActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.LoginActivity$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.LoginActivity$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.LoginActivity$3
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityMedcheckBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityMedcheckBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentLogoutBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentLogoutBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/listAdapter.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.listAdapter
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.listAdapter$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.listAdapter$ViewHolder
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/BlankFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.BlankFragment
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/MainActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.MainActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.MainActivity$1
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/AbsentActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$3
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$4
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$5
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.AbsentActivity$6
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/Response.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.Response
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/attendance/AttendanceFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$1$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$1$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$1$2$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$1$3
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceFragment$3
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentDetailmedcheckBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentDetailmedcheckBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/NavigationActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity$3
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity$4
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.NavigationActivity$lokasiListener
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/logout/LogoutViewModel.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.logout.LogoutViewModel
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/AppBarNavigationBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.AppBarNavigationBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentAttendanceBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentAttendanceBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ItemUserBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ItemUserBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/InputDialogBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.InputDialogBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/NavHeaderNavigationBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.NavHeaderNavigationBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$2
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$3
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/RegisterActivity.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.RegisterActivity
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.RegisterActivity$1
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.RegisterActivity$2
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/ui/attendance/AttendanceViewModel.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.ui.attendance.AttendanceViewModel
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/BuildConfig.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.BuildConfig
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityAbsentBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityAbsentBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/FragmentDetailAttendanceBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.FragmentDetailAttendanceBinding
com/salmanarif/tugasppb/databinding/ActivityNavigationBinding.java
 com.salmanarif.tugasppb.databinding.ActivityNavigationBinding
